Diagram recurring payments (#1857)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payments/features/recurring-payments/_index.md

- **One-click payments**: The customer selects stored details for a frictionless checkout.
- **Subscriptions**: The merchant uses the token to schedule payments periodically.
- **Unscheduled**: The merchant uses the token for event-triggered payments e.g. toppping up an in-app balance.

### Initial payment

During the initial payment, customers are always asked to verify their identity through 3D Secure. Upon processing the payment, we encrypt the payment details for secure storage on our own servers. We return a non-sensitive token which is linked to the encrypted payment details. You can use the token to process recurring payments without needing to handle or store sensitive payment details. 

{{< mermaid class="text-center" >}}

sequenceDiagram
    autonumber
    participant C as Customer
    participant Me as Merchant
    participant Mu as MultiSafepay

    C->>Me: Enters payment details, <br> verifies identity with 3D Secure
    Me->>Mu: Forwards payment details
    Mu-->>Mu: Encrypts payment details <br> for secure storage
    Mu->>Me: Returns a token <br> for future payments
    Me->>C: Redirects to success page

{{< /mermaid >}}

{{< br >}}

### One-click payments

> During a subsequent payment, customers are shown summaries of their previously used payment details. When customers confirm the payment, the merchant includes the relevant token in the request to MultiSafepay. MultiSafepay then decrypts the payment details to process the payment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For subsequent payments, the merchant displays the customer's available tokens at checkout, e.g. MASTERCARD **43. The customer selects a token and confirms payment. The merchant includes the token in the request to MultiSafepay. MultiSafepay then decrypts the payment details to process the payment.

```
